well it has to be a tabloid it has to be
a tabloid definitely can't you report
the times I'm sure it tastes good but
like I said you've got the time you
could rip out the time well we haven't
got the time to define Clyde
just I need behind the business for a
long time come down and have a look at
the trout so we can show the good people
only essential ingredients which are
fresh trout from Caroline's farm right
outside the window here
sea salt for sale for seasoning it in a
moment a little lemon juice as well
which were put on and surprise surprise
a prime ingredient one of mr. Murdoch's
core efforts okay you're the expert you
know how you should we're not begun to
do I'm putting the fish literally like
that in the newspaper apart from putting
some sea salt in the cavity as we call
it hordes Tommy Tommy I'm not going to
do anything to it no no butter no other
ingredients and I'm gonna make it up
into her I heard a good neat pass along
you make Christmas trees I I bet you're
good at school as an appendage arm see
things go guys go guys
I've always wanted to cook with a go-go
cats come on rube this is the important
bit your half-wit inferred cancer this
is the essential preparation process and
I just don't get till it's really wet I
mean not not dripping but really where
have you did a shake off the grips okay
now that one's ready
well what did you gain the ovens we cook
girls we don't have to eat it unroll new
space your seat fine right good okay
have a drinks yeah I'll let the cameras
much more punch in grid my salt helps a
good I'm not bad wine actually you see
only forgot the soap needed one
overexcited
and then Pete procedure repeat procedure
the tab on the tab will do this one okay
shake now the gang is the oven just like
that
excellent of course um you know any sort
of fish can be cooked in this way or not
it's a very good way for any whole fish
that's got a skin on it and you'll see
why in a minute but it's terrific way
for some sea fish which tend to make the
hard or the smelly mm-hmm because there
is no smell the smell stays inside the
newspaper that's really good this lesson
smashing tip for those of you that like
to eat fish but can't stand the smell
gutless what it does it does actually
make the hair sting yeah cooking hairy
don't you mind having a fit I mean
surely the the sort of good thing about
food of the smells that go with it I
mean the good thing about farming is the
smell of the dung and all that isn't
that part of life I don't know when you
wake up in the morning and they're out
and you've come downstairs in the
kitchen stinks episode of future I mean
you're here on your lovely farm you've
got goats and geese and chickens and
sheep and things like that I'd rather
have dung them sterile herrings you
house of disillusionment a baby any way
you could in any oven with those Oh
allow me man I am done after all I love
ahead so what's happening to them now
they're going into a hot oven and we
they will take about 20 minutes but the
thing is that you know they're cooked
when the newspaper is dry so it's pretty
light and odorless and fine no um stay
down there for a second and bring the
other ones out because you see we're
running a bit short on time and the
pub's will be open in a minute we don't
want to miss the first trip of evening
and we've done one of those things that
this program has vowed never to do just
shows you can't believe everything you
hear does it we have unafraid got some
already ready just happened to have in
Neyland bring them on with Armiger need
there we are to prepared beautiful
newspaper tribes courtesy of Caroline
I'm bound to make a pig's ear of this am
i doing it right
yes the outside bits you can be fairly
brutal it's just the last layer I
couldn't be a button to a piece of food
to save my butt oh now you've got to be
careful
oh yeah because the object knows is to
use the paper to peel the skin away
that's right it should take the skin it
won't have them it won't have newsprint
or anything because it all the skin and
everything comes away with the newspaper
I'm sure you've done yours beautifully
look good clutch perfect just in case I
make a pig's ear of this look at that
one to see how it really pretty works
but on the other hand on the other hand
hey come with a masterly stroke of there
you go
genius no no they my favor with a swift
why don't you Swift clock right there
yeah I haven't died too well
I should have done quite well and right
things we don't write the hands by the
way there's a unique moment to hack the
head off those of you that's very
squeamish about me take away all the
guns lovely thanks ah great have some
lemon good thank you and some salt but
when I tasted absolutely own at your end
first of all because I think you know
here this is since it's been cooked all
the flavors kept in the true flavor of
your wonderful fishel should come and it